Init attempt to provide an online troubleshoot guide in the kickstart (#15186)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/README.md

_actively_ contributing to Netdata's future.

### Troubleshooting and known issues
 

> Explore the known limitation and installation troubleshooting actions in the [Agent troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/view/master/packaging/installer/INSTALL-DEBUG.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore known limitations and troubleshoot common installation issues in the [Agent installation troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/view/master/packaging/installer/INSTALL-DEBUG.md).
```
